+++

# THIS DOCUMENT IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. PLEASE DO NOT EDIT

title = "SSH"
description = "Execute commands on a remote host through SSH"
user = "drone-plugins"
repo = "drone-ssh"
image = "plugins/drone-ssh"
tags = ["deploy", "ssh"]
categories = "deploy"
draft = false
date = 2016-02-13T08:59:23Z
menu = ""
weight = 1

+++

Use the SSH plugin to execute commands on a remote server. The following parameters are used to configure this plugin:

* `host` - address or IP of the remote machine
* `port` - port to connect to on the remote machine
* `user` - user to log in as on the remote machine
* `commands` - list of commands to execute

Example configuration in your .drone.yml file:

```yaml
deploy:
  ssh:
    host: foo.com
    user: root
    port: 22
    commands:
      - echo hello
      - echo world
```

Example multi-host configuration in your .drone.yml file:

```yaml
deploy:
  ssh:
    host:
     - foo.com
     - bar.com
    user: root
    port: 22
    sleep: 5
    commands:
      - echo hello
      - echo world
```

In the above example Drone executes the commands on multiple hosts sequentially. If the commands fail on a single host this plugin exits immediatly, and will not run your commands on the remaining hosts in the list.

The above example also uses the `sleep` parameter. The sleep parameter instructs Drone to sleep for N seconds between host executions.

## Keys

The plugin authenticates to your server using a per-repository SSH key generated by Drone. You can find the public key in your repository settings in Drone. You will need to copy / paste this key into your `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` file on your remote machine.
